Configuration Reference starting point (#1481)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/reference/configuration/the-things-stack.md

---
title: "Generic Server Options"
description: ""
weight: 1
---

## Global Options

Under normal circumstances, only `info`, `warn` and `error` logs are printed to the console. For development, you may also want to see `debug` logs.

- `log.level`: The minimum level log messages must have to be shown (default "info")

## TLS Options

> The Things Stack serves several endpoints using TLS. TLS certificates can come from different sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Things Stack serves several endpoints using TLS. TLS configurations can come from different sources.
```

Author: Only certificates come from different sources, the other configuration (min TLS version, ciphers, etc.) is the same for all.

- `tls.source`: Source of the TLS certificate (file, acme, key-vault)

> When using the `file` source, the location of the certificate and key need to be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `file` is specified as `tls.source`, the location of the certificate and key need to be configured.
```

- `tls.certificate`: Location of TLS certificate
- `tls.key`: Location of TLS private key

> When using ACME, certificates will be requested from Let's Encrypt (the default `endpoint`) and stored in the given `dir`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `acme` is specified as `tls.source`, certificates will be requested from Let's Encrypt (the default `tls.acme.endpoint`) and stored in the given `tls.acme.dir`.
```

- `tls.acme.endpoint`: ACME endpoint
- `tls.acme.dir`: Location of ACME storage directory
- `tls.acme.email`: Email address to register with the ACME account
- `tls.acme.hosts`: Hosts to enable automatic certificates for
- `tls.acme.default-host`: Default host to assume for clients without SNI

> When using the key vault, 

Reviewer: IDEM

- `http.health.enable`: Enable health check endpoint on HTTP server
- `http.health.password`: Password to protect health endpoint (username is health)
- `http.metrics.enable`: Enable metrics endpoint on HTTP server
- `http.metrics.password`: Password to protect metrics endpoint (username is metrics)
- `http.pprof.enable`: Enable pprof endpoint on HTTP server
- `http.pprof.password`: Password to protect pprof endpoint (username is pprof)

It is possible to redirect users to the canonical URL of a deployment. There are options to redirect to a given host, or redirect from HTTP to HTTPS.

- `http.redirect-to-host`: Redirect all requests to one host
- `http.redirect-to-tls`: Redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS

The HTTP server serves static files for the web UI. If these files are not in the standard location, you may need to change the search path.

- `http.static.mount`: Path on the server where static assets will be served
- `http.static.search-path`: List of paths for finding the directory to serve static assets from

> ## Interop Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Interoperability Options
```

> The Things Stack supports interoperability with the LoRaWAN Backend Interfaces specification. The following options are used to configure the server for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Things Stack supports interoperability according to LoRaWAN Backend Interfaces specification. The following options are used to configure the server for this.
```

Reviewer: IMO this section is a bit confusing, since interoperability is also configured using `{as,ns}.interop.*`. I think we should specify explicitly here that this only concerns the server-side of things and clients are configured per-component

Reviewer: Possibly with a reference to https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack/pull/1266

Author: Let's merge this as-is and then update it in #1266
